# mrsofanthiel.github.io
I don't know what im doing lol but this will be my website eventually.
It has a few useful trinkets and thingies, I guess.
Intended to provide easier access to many tools I have found useful.
Ill eventually figure it out, I'm new to this git stuffs.
## Index.HTML
This was generated by ChatGPT because I code python, not HTML/CSS/JS.
Yes, this is a skill issue.
## Web Linux
This is a scratch project I converted into a HTML file, so I could have easier access to it on the go.
The Project was made by bilman66, and can be found [here.](https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/892602496)
## Linux IDE
This is a rehost of a very good project, that promised to be available offline, but I coudn't verify that, so just in case, I hosted part of it here.
The project was made by Remi Sharrock and can be found [here.](https://github.com/remisharrock/remisharrock.github.io)
## Eaglercraft
Duh, you can find this file in a lot of places, just search up "eaglercraft" on github.
The Project was made by lax1dude.
### Eaglercraft Multiplayer Instructions
Eaglercraft supports Multiplayer. You can activate it by changing the network settings, to include this relay:
`wss://eaglerrelay.glitch.me/`
Once you add this, servers will appear in the server list ~~and lan games will work.~~ no they don't, I'm not sure why.
Eventually I'll update the website to include these instructions in a more convenient place.
## Epiccues
This is a rehost of a very good scratch mod. Yes, it's existence has been invalidated by Turbowarp, but it holds a special place in my heart for causing so much of the games going around in school.
This rehost serves just to make it more accessible in schools where the site may be blocked for "games."
This project was made by sheeptester and can be found [here.](https://sheeptester.github.io/scratch-gui/)
## AAAAXY
This is a link to the online hosted AAAAXY Game that divVerent hosted. It's really good, you should play this game. (Not hosted on this website)
The Project was made by divVerent and can be found [here.](https://github.com/divVerent/aaaaxy)
